---
title: 'Celebrating: 5,000 artists on Resonate'
author: Resonate
type: post
date: 2018-09-14T09:44:48+00:00
excerpt: Resonate is incredibly pleased to announce that we’ve achieved yet another milestone. One of our key goals for the year was to onboard 5,000 artists to our platform, and recently, we signed our first two distributors!
draft: true
url: /?p=5800
featured_image: /wp-content/uploads/2018/09/kanjian.jpg
essb_cached_image:
  - https://resonate.is/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/kanjian.jpg
categories:
  - the blog

---
<p class="p1">
  <span class="s1">Resonate is incredibly pleased to announce that we’ve achieved yet another milestone. One of our key goals for the year was to onboard 5,000 artists to our platform, and recently, we signed our first two distributors! This means that Resonate is well on its way to becoming a viable platform with an extensive catalog.</span>
</p>

<p class="p1">
  <span class="s1">The first of the two distributors is UK-based <a href="http://www.cargorecords.co.uk/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Cargo</a>. As “<span class="s2">one of the UK’s leading independent music distributors</span>,” they work with over 400 labels worldwide. Cargo distributes the work of labels such as influential UK bass imprint Hyperdub, “original maverick Psychedelic Art Pop label” Fire Records, and more. </span>
</p>

<p class="p1">
  <span class="s1">We’re also pleased to be working with Chinese distributor <a href="https://kanjian.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Kanjian</a>. Founded in 2013 in Shanghai, Kanjian works with artists of many different genres. Signing them means that a wealth of Chinese metal, jazz, hip hop, pop and more will be available on Resonate.</span>
</p>

<p class="p1">
  <span class="s1">Not only are we excited about bringing a diverse range of music to our platform, but we’re also thrilled to be able to support the existing industry. This puts Resonate in a really unique position, and will help us achieve our long-term goal. We’re working to support the entire sector, and not just the long-tail. </span>
</p>

<p class="p1">
  <span class="s1">Signing distributors, as well as working with key trade associations, will allow us to ingest crucial catalogs that independent music fans want to hear. Many blockchain-based music platforms won’t touch music that uploaders don’t own 100% of the rights to.</span>
</p>

<p class="p1">
  <span class="s1">This also sets us apart from many other music-blockchain projects out there. While we agree that, in many ways, the music industry is “broken,” we also believe that it’s important to work <i>with </i>it, rather than against it.</span>
</p>

Kanjian and Cargo&#8217;s catalogs aren&#8217;t on the platform yet, but stay tuned for further updates. Thanks for following our journey so far!